guide: disputes (#2192)
paritytech/polkadot: roadmap/implementers-guide/src/node/disputes/README.md

Handles everything around disputes, ranging from persisting and retrieving
votes to notifications of other peers and subsystems about the resolution
as well as passing on information to the runtime.

> `VotesDB` is soley responsible for data persistance in a manner,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`VotesDB` is solely responsible for data persistence in a manner
```

that allows easy retrieval and evaluates the state of particular
disputes and generates `StoreVoteResult`s.

> `Participation` uses runtime `Events` to facility information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Participation` uses runtime `Events` to facilitate information
```

distribution via the transaction gossip.
As such it queries all `DisputeEvents` on view change
and extracts `Vote`s on which it operates on.

> If a new dispute is detected, it does the `PoV` retrieval and verification based on the runtime verification code and notifies

Reviewer: I guess this should also mention that this issues new votes based on active disputes, right?

interested parties about double votes.

`Vote`s contributing to a resolved (= quorum + supermajority reached)
are treated equally at this stage and are treated equally on the node side.
The effective differences are only going to become relevant within the
runtime.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant *
    participant Participation
    participant VotesDB

    *->>Participation: ViewChange
    Note right of Participation: Extract Events/Votes<br/>from each added active head<br/>from the runtime.
    Participation->>VotesDB: StoreVote
    Note right of VotesDB: Use a kv db instance<br/>for this purpose
    VotesDB-->>Participation: VoteStoreResult
    alt double vote
        Participation->>*: DoubleVote
    else already present
        Note right of Participation: nop
    else detection
        Note right of Participation: Cast our own vote<br/> by verifying the claim<br/> first
    else resolution
        Note right of Participation: Craft an event and put in an extrinsic
    else stored

>         Note right of Participation: Craft an event and put in an extrinsic.

Reviewer: I don't follow what the extrinsic is here. What is it that we want each validator to submit to the chain here and above?
